* Tuesday, 2/27/2018

** 20:15 
Starting to put together an abstract for my research with
Dr. Dobrovolny. The things that I am doing are mainly concerned with
mathematics soI guess I am having a slow start to relating this back
to the purpose of the research itself, at least with how to put it
into words. We are basically analyzing the diffusion of a virus in 
the respiratory tract of people who have varying speeds of advecting 
mucous in their RT. Abbreviations seem annoying to me. LRT and URT.
Okay let's see here well it has been shown in the two compartment
model that different advection speeds create different long term outcomes 
in virus concentration, and we are now testing a more realistic spatial
model for the diffusion of the virus. The formation of a propagating wave 
that is stable. 

** 21:24 

Just talked with my parents for a bit about RSV and respiratory tract
infections. Lot's of cases apparently, my mom says that respiratory
infections are easily one of the most diagnosed illnesses in
pediatrics. Here we are essentially formulating a mechanism which may
explain the onset of a respiratory tract infection. Now I guess it
would be a good idea to try and write some sample abstract starters. 

Here is Dr. Dobvrovolny's:

#+BEGIN_QUOTE
Respiratory syncytial virus can lead to serious lower respira-
tory infection (LRI), particularly in children and the elderly.  LRI can cause
longer infections, lingering respiratory problems, and higher incidence of hos-
pitalization.  In this paper, we use a simplified ordinary differential equation
model  of  viral  dynamics  to  study  the  role  of  transport  mechanisms  in  the
occurrence of LRI. Our model uses two compartments to simulate the upper
respiratory tract (URT) and the lower respiratory tract (LRT) and assumes
two distinct types of viral transfer between the two compartments:  diffusion
and advection.  We find that a range of diffusion and advection values lead
to long-lasting infections in the LRT, elucidating a possible mechanism for
the severe LRI infections observed in humans
#+END_QUOTE

Respiratory tract infections are easily among the most diagnosed
diseases in modern medicine, especially involving infants and the
elderly. One main cause of this is known as the respiratory syncytial
virus (RSV), which has been connected to lasting respiratory problems
and life-threatening infections deep in the lower respiratory
tract. Our research is targeted towards uncovering a possible
mechanism for the spread of RSV, in hopes of illuminating the
connection between the effectiveness of the virus and the speed of
mucous transfer within the respiratory tract. This project more
specifically focuses on a system of nonlinear ordinary and partial
differential equations which simulate the diffusion and advection
driven dynamics of an infected respiratory system. With a more
realistic spatiotemporal approach, we hope to find possible
relationships between given rates of advection and diffusion, and the
depth and duration of infection; a potential framework for understanding
and preventing an otherwise refractory human affliction.
