* Saturday, 10/6/2018

** 10:13 
I have about 2 hours to do stuff. Assuming that I'll want to eat lunch at around 12 or so. Already checked on the pasture this morning like I planned to, and ended up seeding that area of dirt with the grass seed that my mom and dad got. 

Earlier I was reading a post on the emacs subreddit and found something I want to try: eldoc-mode. I had just remembered it up until now, but I was thinking that I needed a place to write it down so I would see it later. I could use the field book, perhaps - just as a place for things that I might want to check out or look into. It wouldn't be for tasks, though. 

Did medicate this morning but I almost did. I felt pretty great so I figured I wouldn't take it unless I felt like I really needed it. Ended up getting stuff done, too, so it worked out I'd say. Now I am not as sure what to do considering that I am typing this all out now. 

Reflecting on last night and then this morning, I did have a little bit of coffee with a little bit of that powdered creamer, oatmeal and then some Gatorade. Focused on the pasture mainly, noticed a bunch of flowers today including a vine of Morning Glory on the back fence. Rearranged the rope on the tree as well, and then I climbed it to the main droopy branch. Was a lot more nerve racking than I remember from tree climbing as a kid.. Played some of my discover weekly music which was quite nice, and snapchatted Lisa, my sister, and my mom and Austin quite a bit more than usual. Also, I found some new gopher piles and spread them out with a rake. 

See, this is one of the times where typing out everything that I have done in the past 2 hours is a little bit cumbersome to do. Unless I remove any sort of detail whatsoever: raked mounds, re-hung rope, climbed tree, found morning glory, seeded pasture, etc. But this is practically unreadable for other people. Not that other people will ever read this - lol. Hello people, if you are...

I seem to be mildly incapable of deep thought at the moment. Perhaps I can keep working on the Todo list that I have going. Yep - I'm going to start my laundry now.

** 11:52 
Not feeling like working on anything in particular right about now, I would like to just surf the internet like I usually do on YouTube. To turn this into a more productive activity, I thought that I might search up relevant things and see what there is. Emacs setups, todo systems, etc. or something to help me with my diet? Not sure. Come up with YouTube video ideas perhaps? That would be nice - though I am always questioning that because of some questionably realistic concern for my popularity. What kind of channel will I be? What else will I be posting there? Do I need to just have one channel and make different playlists for it?  What about separate channels that focus on different things? I'd say probably not.. Just do one channel and then make videos about Emacs and also pasture work and guitar stuff maybe or mathematics or functional programming, or astronomy or somethings like that. I do like the idea of an overall science theme, though. Real life science. Science irl. Trying stuff and seeing what happens. Do I need to make sure that I don't attract snowflake type people? Perhaps I would like to just be purely informational and not express any opinions. That's my perception of NileRed, though I don't know how entertaining it could be. Well, his channel is quite big so I guess it could be good! I want to communicate what I am thinking and not necessarily what I am feeling all the time. Feelings are gross. Monkey brains. 

About time for lunch, I might make a sandwich. Just had the thought that there are two types of emotions. Thoughtful emotions and thoughtless emotions. Awe, wonder, curiosity, interest, fascinations, intrigue, all seem to be more of the thoughtful variety. Happy, sad, mad, angry, upset, disappointed, stressed, anxious, etc. seem much more of the purely emotional and more impulsive kind. My hiccups are ridiculous right now and it is seriously pissing me off. An emotional feeling there - lol.


