* Friday, 8/3/2018

** 13:31 
Today I would like to figure out what system I will use to keep track of notes. I need to read the book, "Nonlinear Waves, Solitions, and Chaos" by Infeld and Rowlands, for example, and I put a sticky note on the cover of the book to remind me what I need to try to find out about the book (What Lax pairs have to do with solving nonlinear systems and also what the inverse scattering method is). This is astrategy that I think might be useful, though I don't know if I will be wanting to carry post-it notes around in my pocket for whenever I find something that I need to remember. My phone is the easiest and most available thing for me to store my tasks on, though I generally feel that I could very easy be distracted by the thing, as it is also where all of my messages and emails go. It really is near me most often, however. But I also think about times where I have tasks that I would like to do, but am not in any position to start them at that moment. For example, I may think that I should repair the silicone on my boat, though I could be no where near my boat and thus reading the item on my todo list would be pointless and just cluttering up what I would like to do. 

I imagine a video-game like system in which on some sort of heads-up display, I could see little tags around objects or sights that remind me of a task that I could to at that moment, regarding that thing. Yesterday this thought made me think to go around placing sticky notes everywhere, but this seems odd. I am going back to a conversation that I had with my dad about doing things that take less than 2 minutes at the moment that I think to do them. Would be impractical to just walk around taking the time to write and place sticky note reminders when I could actually have just done the task.

Of course there are also those situations where I am not at the place where I can do the task, but I need to go there and do it. This is where the phone would come in handy. I seem to be  wishing for a way to prioritize tasks not just based on importance, but proximity. So that if I go out to the country, I don't see the tasks my boat that would require me to go home, I would see the immediately doable tasks for cleaning the old house, ordering mattresses, as well as only the important ones that might require me to leave. Seems like I should incorporate some combination of a global, /important/, todo-list as well as local todo lists. I imagine that the local todo lists would not have any deadlines or dates associated with them. Just tasks that I would wish to do eventually. Is it the case that I should separate the tasks from different lists by whether or not they have deadlines? Distant deadlines should be less important?

I am thinking about introducing a third sort of list. In addition to local ones, sort of scattered around, and one that I carry with me everywhere, I think it would be important to also have an over-arching list of more general aspirations that I might keep in my room. Perhaps on a whiteboard or small sticky note by my bed? I would want the list to be personal, though - for some reason I do not fancy having someone else being able to read my list while I am not there to explain my reasons for having it that way. I think this justifies keeping the list in the place where I sleep. 

Okay now I need to think about what I am going to do with all of the tasks that I have been keeping on emacs already. Am I going to use my phone and beorg for any kind of lists? Could my everywhere-list be on my phone? I've just looked at the beorg app and noticed that it has been recently updated. Looks like I will be giving the beorg app another shot! Time to start reorgnizing my todo list on emacs.     

