* Tuesday, 10/2/2018

** 00:43 
I am outside with my laptop at 12:43 in the morning, next to a telescope, lawn chair, and picnic tarp as I lay on an old cot covered with a blanket and two pillows. I brought my laptop out here because I was thinking many things, most of which I wished I could write down or store somewhere efficiently as I thought them. Then I thought of Musk's Neuralink and the idea of having some better human-technology interface through which one could more easily keep track of his thoughts. 

The Pleiades constellation is out tonight. I've also been enjoying looking at the Andromeda galaxy, double cluster, and the tiny haze I can make out that is the Triangulum galaxy. I am on a ball orbiting a bigger, shinier ball looking at other distant shinier balls that also might have dim balls around them, though I cannot see them if they are looking toward me. Cassiopeia, or the zig zag is nice to see. Been using the Triangulum constellation to locate it's galaxy, too.

Earlier I also had the rather intense thought that anything and everything in this world is incredibly interesting, at least when examined closely. Therefore, I was thinking that it is no wonder that someone such as myself would have a difficult time deciding what interests him the most in a place where every new thing that is encountered has a potential for totally capturing his attention. What is this third-person nonsense... 

What shall I do with my life? - to ask a very strange question. I want to help develop a better way for humans to communicate with themselves and each-other. Hm. Just thought that it would be also trying to help humans become less hypocritical - to be in better communication with themselves. Look in a mirror. Talk to yourself, write to yourself, think to yourself. Reflect on what you did today, perhaps. Did you do what you said you wanted to do? Why/why not? Perhaps you didn't really set any goals for today. Did you learn anything? Do anything different or unusual? Maybe these questions aren't that important.. Understand, Plan, Execute, Reflect - what I remember of Polya's four problem solving cycle steps. Not necessarily a consistent cycle, though.

Study hard what interests you most. Feynman has a quote that rings close to this.

#+BEGIN_QUOTE
Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent, and original manner possible.
#+END_QUOTE

I had to look it up to remember the exact wording. My thoughts sometimes go faster than my patience to type them down, but I feel mild conflict in the word "irreverent" as I feel awe toward the stars above me just now. Am I not meant to feel a sort of reverence toward nature? Perhaps I misunderstand the term. 

Should be going to bed soon. I've decided earlier on, though, that I should be using my computer a hell of a lot more often. I think I agree with something Musk said in his first podcast with Rogan - that ten fingers on a computer keyboard is a much better interface than your thumb on a phone. I think I smell a skunk, I'd best be getting inside now.     

** 01:43 
Thinking if I should carry my laptop around with me wherever I go throughout the day. 

Also just had the thought that I should change my username back to swarmalator from colebertio. The background of my website would be awesome if it was an actual simulation of the swarmalators, somehow interacting with the cursor as well. 

Should I even be concerned with my website right now? I guess I could always be planning what I would like the setup to be, as far as pages and subpages and navigation bars go. About is good. Ebzzry has the following: Home, About, Quotes, Reflections, Source. 

Thought of having a home page with monitors on my computer usage. I could have a batch script commit a change to github whenever I start or stop to use my computer.

https://sumtips.com/how-to/run-program-windows-wakes-up-sleep-hibernate/

I could use activator on my phone to possibly do a similar thing, except it could monitor when my phone is near me via the apple watch bluetooth. On bluetooth connect or disconnect? Actually, this might all be easier if I just had my own desktop computer that would run somewhere. I can send information to that and host some sort of web service on there, perhaps just tied into git commits if I am too lazy to learn too much server side stuff.

Anyways, I like these ideas and should look more into them tomorrow, or some other time. Need to get some sleep for now - will be using this laptop more tomorrow I hope! 
