* Thursday, 04/25/2019

** 15:47 
At the library in Rockdale. People talking about some paper about faithful, truthful, and adversity or something. C.S.Lewis and some other authors someone is recommending a younger fellow to read. Seems like a talkative guy, he nodded to me walking past as I sat down.

Okay well just an hour or two ago I was talking to Lisa on the phone and it became very tense. Started with her wanting to know what time exactly I would arrive in Denton tomorrow. I was not forthcoming. Seemed like there was some emotional trouble she was going through. I mentioned a lack of trust, being a control freak, helicoptering and that stuff. Not sure if that is accurate. Very emotional on the phone, and I wanted to get her to calm down in some way. I don't think I chose the right way. She was talking about how I was making her feel certain ways, which in some respects is a valid concern though a tricky one to define. Words are just words, after all, or are they?

We ended the conversation with her saying how she isn't sure that being with me has made or is making her a better person, and that from her perspective it has not made me a better one either. I told her that I was glad she told me this.

I am thinking about sending her this journal. I feel a need to communicate with her in an honest way. I hope she thinks that these are my actual thoughts, though she could be free to disagree. It is such a tangled thing trying to be genuine with other people, because there is always room for skepticism. And worse, I really think skepticism is useful so when I notice people are skeptical of my intentions I almost want to encourage them to stay skeptical. But of course I also don't want to be misunderstood. This seems to be painting a very silly picture.

"Believe me, I am telling the truth. Have I ever lied to you? Haven't I told you that honesty is so important to me?" These are all things I could be saying but I find myself afraid of hearing myself as being manipulative. I don't want to be manipulative. I want to know if I am not being true to myself so it's like the tweet that Lisa liked the other day - If I really care about the truth then any and all criticism is really full of chances for me to make improvements. So maybe I am hurting Lisa's character? Maybe it is a waste of time being with her for both her and I? I have to take her concerns seriously no matter how hard I think I am trying to do the right thing!

Well, I sense myself writing this as if someone is going to read this, which is not how I usually type to myself. Maybe I can go find a journal I wrote a while ago that is relevant and put it here so it doesn't seem like I am self-censoring or curating my thoughts in some weird way.

You know what, screw it. I am going to put all my journal stuff on dropbox like I said I would. And I am going to give Lisa the link so she can read them. I don't feel afraid to let her in on my thoughts. I think I really only am afraid that she doesn't believe my thoughts (i.e. or that I am misunderstood). Maybe I will email her this one and yesterday's too because it's kinda funny to look back on and say that the rest are there if she ever wants to know what's up with me.
