* Saturday, 5/5/2018

** 03:49 
Hey everyone,

So I have been making an effort to try to get to the bottom of
what it is that really makes SE so valuable to me, and I would be
interested to hear if anyone else's philosophies might coincide
with mine. Perhaps someone with more formal experience in philosophy will
be able to point me to somewhere this has been said before.

I have run into what seems to be the root of my tree of virtues:
being able to explain myself to others. The argument for this as
a virtue is quite huge, and stems primarily from acknowledging
that I am at all times fallible, and that other people are
capable of having experiences just like I do.

Hey everyone,
Since discovering SE, I have been wondering a lot about the idea of seriousness. I bet I am not the only who has been called out for "over-thinking" or taking things "too seriously," and I'd like to hear how people respond to comments like these. If you google "take things seriously," the results are mostly against the idea. Is it cool to denounce critical thought for the sake of the ego? Another search to try is "explain yourself quote" and to see the image results. I thought it virtuous to strive toward being able to explain oneself, though it seems many disagree. In short, these are some questions I have: How seriously do people take themselves? their lives? For an unserious IL: If you could get past any emotional obstacles, would it benefit you to take life as seriously as possible? I know these would be quite brutal questions to use in practice, but I'm wondering what really is the argument for unseriousness?


What percentage of your decisions would you say are well-justified?
How important is it for someone to be *trying* to find reasons for his/her actions?
If I can't explain to you why I do or believe something, *in a way that you understand*, is it anyone's fault other than my own that you do not understand?

In the way that I think of "seriousness," it sure seems that one
cannot ever have enough. When told that I may be over-thinking
something, I have the tendency to ask why it seems I am doing so, and
often times the responses I get are unclear. Of course, I acknowledge
the "analysis paralysis" phenomenon and always want to be doing that
for which there is the best reason (that I know of) to do, though
throughout my experience in SE-style conversation (primarily with
friends that I meet regularly), the "you're over-thinking it" and
"it's not that serious" cards always seem to be the fastest ways to
end an interesting conversation.

I should warn you that in just the last year I have gone from a lousy
college kid who was just scraping by with a minimal number of courses
(albeit hard ones) to a dude who's so busy and orderly that his
roommates wonder what has gotten into him. I, too, wonder if I
have been neglecting some larger picture items, but my newfound seriousness
has not come without the most motivation, meaning, and joy I can recall.
