* Tuesday, 03/19/2019

** 18:13 
I want to work on something.

A way to journal. Journaling for programmers. Honestly I think that the way I journal involved way too many things to learn for the average person. Emacs macros would be almost useless to someone who won't use Emacs to program. Unless your a journalist or really bored and looking for something to get better at, I guess it could work. Would definitely fit the minimalist ideals. But again, since it will almost definitely involve coding in lisp it probably shouldn't be advertised for the faint of heart.

What's the point? What's the point of a video on Emacs? I don't think I should get caught up on that question to much. Perhaps because thinking about that question without abstracting away from it would lead "down a rabbit hole" of debilitating self-doubt. 


** 18:34 
Boom just updated Manjaro for the first time after the unstable update. Don't want to accidently do that again. 

  




** 19:13 
OH YEAH I GOT THE SPELL CHECK WORKING. Found out that Hunspell is broken for Emacs 26.1 so in the meantime I will just use Aspell. When I tried it before it didn't work because I didn't have an English dictionary downloaded. Got it working great now and will change to Hunspell once Emacs 26.2 comes out.

Didn't think much, just worked on the Emacs stuff.

Okay so I find myself thinking about stupid people.

Lisa is calling me.

Just got off the phone with her and sent her some TED radio hour podcasts on Spotify. Our conversation lasted only a couple minutes and during those minutes Lisa seemed to gradually become more tired, or her voice and inflections told me that, anyways. I asked her about it and was a tad inclined toward irritation.

Thinking of some quote about acting intelligently in response to unintelligent things. I don't mean that Lisa is not capable of intelligence, but perhaps that to me she did not seem in her right mind at the time of our conversation. I never know this sort of thing, and maybe my expectations were unrealistic, of course.

I keep thinking bout sharing my journal/Emacs setup. 

Austin is texting me about Rocket League mechanics. I was just playing that for a while already today. I want to have another project going on besides that, even if I can play while listening to educational podcasts. 

Just had the idea to make the Emacs video as a screen capture of me working in this journal. 

Hi. What am I going to do today? I think I will finally make the video on the Emacs tutorial. Or I guess my journaling setup. Is this typing too slow to read along with? 

      

** 19:40 
Alright. I think I am going to try and make this video on my Emacs / journal setup. 

Hopefully this typing isn't too slow to read along. I can speed up if necessary. 

What to start with? Well, first of all I am using the text editor Emacs right now, part of the GNU project.

It's basically the most customize text editor out there. 

muting my watch one moment.....

That's awkward. 

You've probably noticed how I am modifying the text that I type quite quickly. We'll get to all the things that let me do this. They don't really come standard with Emacs. Hence, the You get the point...

Most people use Emacs for programming and editing software code, as did I when I was in university taking computer science courses. 

Then, I discovered org-mode, a package made for Emacs by Carsten Dominik (I think) that allows for many other things. Since it is a text editor, it really doesn't matter what text you are editing. For me, it has made a very good place to efficiently jot down thoughts and think through projects that I am interested in. There is even a TODO list feature in org-mode that I used in conjunction with an app on my mobile phone, where I could keep track of everything I wanted to do or things that I want to remind myself of. Interests, hobbies, notes, reminders, tasks, etc. 

Unfortunately for some, customizing Emacs involves learning the Lisp programming language. You can get away with not knowing it for a while with the "customize" feature, but when I really started tweaking the editor to my liking, I found that it was much easier after I learned a bit of Lisp. 

Of course, it makes it easier that I was already familiar with programming.. This being said. Emacs / org-mode is definitely not a journal setup for the faint of heart.  

:)

 



** 19:52 

Well... I just typed the whole first take of a potential tutorial on Emacs.  I will use this as a test. 

Hope-full the speed at which I type is not too slow to follow along with. It might add some dramatic effect or something, making the words that I type more meaningful or something. 

We will see!

:)

** 19:54 
Might be learning just now that the OBS will glitch unless it is minimized. Hopefully it looks fine now. Jesus Christ I cannot type for shit. 

Oh well. 

Maybe making a video like this isn't the best idea. Would test people's patience. 

:) 

** 20:03 

Alright how about this setup? You don't know by watching this but I have been experimenting with different video settings for OBS. Trying to record myself using Emacs effectively, without getting any glitches or anything. 
